_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am currently a first year Ph.D. Student from the department of [Electrical and Computer Engineering](https://ece.coe.miami.edu/index.html), [University of Miami](https://welcome.miami.edu/), under the supervision of [Dr. Mingzhe Chen](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=zh-CN&user=Pe3kIocAAAAJ&view_op=list_works&sortby=pubdate).<br>

My research interest includes UAV networks, integrated sensing and communications, resilient networks, movable antenna/fluid antenna system and machine learning-based communications.

Educational Background
======
* Nanjing Forestry University<br>
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronic and Information Engineering (Sept 2020-June 2024)

* University of Miami<br>
Doctor of Philosophy in Electrical and Computer Engineering (Aug 2024-Present)

Publications
======
1. X. -R. Xu, Y. -H. Xu, L. Suo, W. Zhou, G. Yu and A. Nallanathan, "UAV-Served Energy Harvesting-Enabled M2M Networks for Green Industry—A Perspective of Energy Efficient Resource Management Scheme," _IEEE Transactions on Green Communications and Networking_, vol. 7, no. 4, pp. 1877-1891, Dec. 2023.<br>
2. X. -R. Xu, Y. -H. Xu, W. Zhou and A. Nallanathan, "Energy Efficient Resource Allocation for UAV-Served Energy Harvesting-Supported Cognitive Industrial M2M Networks," _IEEE Wireless Communications Letters_, vol. 12, no. 8, pp. 1454-1458, Aug. 2023.<br>
3. Xu Y H, Sun Q M, Xu X R, et al. Energy efficiency and delay determinacy tradeoff in energy harvesting-powered zero-touch deterministic industrial M2M communications[J]. _Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence_, 2023, 121: 105997.<br>
4. Y. -H. Xu, R. -X. Ding, X. -R. Xu, D. Zhou and W. Zhou, "A DDPG Hybrid with Graph Scheme for Resource Management in Digital Twin-assisted Biomedical Cyber-Physical Systems,"_IEEE Transactions on Network and Service Management, early access 2025.
5. X. Xu, H. Xu, H. Yu, Y. Liu, and M. Chen, "Fluid Antenna System (FAS)-assisted 3D UAV Positioning Performance Optimization ", in Proc. IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC), accepted, 2025.
6. D. Wei, X. Xu, S. Mao and M. Chen, "Optimizing Communication and Device Clustering for Clustered Federated Learning With Differential Privacy,"_IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing, early access 2025.
7. X. Xu, H. Xu, D. Wei, W. Saad, M. Bennis, and M. Chen, "Transformer based Collaborative Reinforcement Learning for Fluid Antenna System (FAS)-enabled 3D UAV Positioning", arXiv:2507.09094.
8. D. Wei, X. Xu, Y. Liu, H V. Poor, and M. Chen, "Optimizing Model Splitting and Device Task Assignment for Deceptive Signal Assisted Private Multi-hop Split Learning", arXiv:2507.07323.
9. X. Xu, D. Wei, Y. Hu, Z. Yang, and M. Chen, "Joint Trajectory and Antenna Port Selection Optimization for Fluid Antenna System-enabled Resilient UAV Networks", in Proc. IEEE Global Communications Conference (Globecom), accepted, 2025.



Academic Service
======
Serves as a reviewer in Journals: <br>IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics, <br>IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing, <br>IEEE Transactions on Communications, <br>IEEE Transactions on Cognitive Communications and Networking, <br>IEEE Transactions on Green Communications and Networking, <br>IEEE Transactions on Machine Learning in Communications and Networking, <br>IEEE Wireless Communications Letters.<br><br>Serves as a reviewer in Conferences: <br>IEEE Consumer Communications & Networking Conference (CCNC), <br>IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC), <br>IEEE International Conference on Computer Communications Workshop (INFOCOM WKSHPS), <br>IEEE Vehicular Technology Conference Workshops (VTC Workshops).

Contact Information
======
Email: xiaoren.xu@miami.edu<br>Phone: +1 786-747-6338

Commit message:

Revise academic status and add new sections
Updated academic status from first year to second year Ph.D. student. Added hobbies and professional service details.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am currently a second year Ph.D. Student from the department of [Electrical and Computer Engineering](https://ece.coe.miami.edu/index.html), [University of Miami](https://welcome.miami.edu/), under the supervision of [Dr. Mingzhe Chen](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=zh-CN&user=Pe3kIocAAAAJ&view_op=list_works&sortby=pubdate).<br>

My research interest includes UAV networks, integrated sensing and communications, resilient networks, movable antenna/fluid antenna system and machine learning-based communications.

Educational Background
======
* Nanjing Forestry University<br>
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronic and Information Engineering (Sept 2020-June 2024)

* University of Miami<br>
Doctor of Philosophy in Electrical and Computer Engineering (Aug 2024-Present)

Publications
======
1. X. -R. Xu, Y. -H. Xu, L. Suo, W. Zhou, G. Yu and A. Nallanathan, "UAV-Served Energy Harvesting-Enabled M2M Networks for Green Industry—A Perspective of Energy Efficient Resource Management Scheme," _IEEE Transactions on Green Communications and Networking_, vol. 7, no. 4, pp. 1877-1891, Dec. 2023.<br>
2. X. -R. Xu, Y. -H. Xu, W. Zhou and A. Nallanathan, "Energy Efficient Resource Allocation for UAV-Served Energy Harvesting-Supported Cognitive Industrial M2M Networks," _IEEE Wireless Communications Letters_, vol. 12, no. 8, pp. 1454-1458, Aug. 2023.<br>
3. Xu Y H, Sun Q M, Xu X R, et al. Energy efficiency and delay determinacy tradeoff in energy harvesting-powered zero-touch deterministic industrial M2M communications[J]. _Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence_, 2023, 121: 105997.<br>
4. Y. -H. Xu, R. -X. Ding, X. -R. Xu, D. Zhou and W. Zhou, "A DDPG Hybrid with Graph Scheme for Resource Management in Digital Twin-assisted Biomedical Cyber-Physical Systems,"_IEEE Transactions on Network and Service Management, early access 2025.
5. X. Xu, H. Xu, H. Yu, Y. Liu, and M. Chen, "Fluid Antenna System (FAS)-assisted 3D UAV Positioning Performance Optimization ", in Proc. IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC), accepted, 2025.
6. D. Wei, X. Xu, S. Mao and M. Chen, "Optimizing Communication and Device Clustering for Clustered Federated Learning With Differential Privacy,"_IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing, early access 2025.
7. X. Xu, H. Xu, D. Wei, W. Saad, M. Bennis, and M. Chen, "Transformer based Collaborative Reinforcement Learning for Fluid Antenna System (FAS)-enabled 3D UAV Positioning", arXiv:2507.09094.
8. D. Wei, X. Xu, Y. Liu, H V. Poor, and M. Chen, "Optimizing Model Splitting and Device Task Assignment for Deceptive Signal Assisted Private Multi-hop Split Learning", arXiv:2507.07323.
9. X. Xu, D. Wei, Y. Hu, Z. Yang, and M. Chen, "Joint Trajectory and Antenna Port Selection Optimization for Fluid Antenna System-enabled Resilient UAV Networks", in Proc. IEEE Global Communications Conference (Globecom), accepted, 2025.



Professional Service
======
Serves as a reviewer in Journals: <br>IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics, <br>IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing, <br>IEEE Transactions on Communications, <br>IEEE Transactions on Cognitive Communications and Networking, <br>IEEE Transactions on Green Communications and Networking, <br>IEEE Transactions on Machine Learning in Communications and Networking, <br>IEEE Wireless Communications Letters.
<br><br>Serves as a reviewer in Conferences: <br>IEEE Consumer Communications & Networking Conference (CCNC), <br>IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC), <br>IEEE International Conference on Computer Communications Workshop (INFOCOM WKSHPS), <br>IEEE Vehicular Technology Conference Workshops (VTC Workshops).
<br><br>IEEE Student Member.
<br><br>University of Miami ECE-Ph.D. student representative (Ph.D. advisory committee).


Hobbies
======
Swimming, table tennis, badminton, volleyball, calligraphy, and so on.


Contact Information
======
Email: xiaoren.xu@miami.edu<br>Phone: +1 786-747-6338
